CODEPEN: https://codepen.io/DonnieDarkoe/pen/abmXNRK
Questions:
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Term to describe tags with meaning. *
2. What is HTML used for? 
It specifically designed to display data in a graphical form. It is read by the browser and then used as a blueprint for displaying information on your screen.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behavior.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 tag is generally used for the title of the page and should mostly only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and a 
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<head>
7. What is an id? 
An attribute that specifies a unique id for an element. 
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
h1 tag 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once, you want your ID to be unique to avoid issues.
10. What is a class? 
An attribute that is used to specify a class for an element.
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
All html elements 
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
No limit 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Using  target=”_blank” attribute
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
This tag provides alternative information for an image of a user cannot physically view it.
15. How do I reference an id?
# followed by id name 
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section defines parts of the page likes chapters, headers, footers and div tag defines the division in an HTML document.
17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.
18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {
color: rgb(255, 0, 0);
	}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
Input class=
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
Write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
By placing an anchor tag with the links to the URL we want.
24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.
25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
line-height property
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Using text-transform
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
outline-style dotted
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
A CSS comment is placed inside the <style> element, and starts with /* and ends with */ 
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Using ls
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
dir
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Using rm command - this will permanently delete the file from your computer and not just moving it to the trash bin.
34. Why should I use version control? 
It keeps track of your changes and everyone else’s changes to ensure you are working on the proper version.
35. How often should I commit to github?
Anytime you complete a full code that complies.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push origin -u
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Git Flow
1. FORK the repo on Github
    * Click on Code and copy YOUR FORKED repo url
2. CLONE in VS Code git-cmd (your Bash terminal) use git clone url
    * Before you move on to the next step be sure you cd to the repo file!
3. BRANCH in VS Code git-cmd (your Bash terminal) use git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName' — -b means new branch
4. Make your changes and add your files
5. COMMIT your changes in VS Code git-cmd (your Bash terminal) use git add .
    * Confirm branch is ready to commit in VS Code git-cmd (your Bash terminal) with git status
        * use git commit -m 'be specific' —- -m means message
            * Confirm commit succeeded in VS Code git-cmd (your Bash terminal) with git status
6. PUSH your commit to Github in VS Code git-cmd (your Bash terminal) use git push origin -u firstName-lastName
7. PULL to the main branch in Github by clicking Pull Request tab and Merge Pull Request
    * Select YOUR main branch, not Lambda School's.
        * Then compare to your named branch.
            * Add a collaborator/reviewer like your Peer Mentor if they agree to.
